and a scandal the perredé demands the
senator iris vianey mendoza mendoza who
explains to the authorities the new
accusations that weigh against him for
alleged links against drug trafficking
the accusations against
of the perinean senator vianey iris
mendoza mendoza for alleged links with
the drug trafficking everything began the end of
week when a photo spread
appears singing and dancing next to
melissa plancarte la barby grupera daughter
of enrique plancarte one of the leaders
of the Knights Templar in
michoacán and today rose in tone because
jose manuel see them leader of the
self-defense of Michoacán pointed it out as
templar that situation no longer fits
nor to the national leader of the perredé jesús
zambrano or the coordinator of the
Senators Luis Miguel Barbosa and that
Yesterday I had closed ranks with the controversy
Senator will have to answer also from
very clear way about the assertions
that against her acs the doctor
look at them and you will have to clarify each one of
the mentions made against him
for us it is a matter that must
be clarified by the Procurator's Office
general of the republic that we want is
that is clarified thoroughly
be clearly identified if there is or not
there is what has been stated publicly and
that responsibilities are defined
corresponding whether there are not
as if there were in them the
Paradistas trust that the pgr realizes
an objective investigation and that does not take
party dyes or political all
the intelligence organs determine and
Do not start delivery by dose of
information to manage an issue
in a political and even electoral way
as said osorio chong that is not not
would there are many ways to do it what
true is that the accusation he made today
the doctor look at them gives weight to
statements made by the senator
panista luisa maría calderón in
last November when I say that at
senate of the republic had entered
the Templars with support from others
senators of michoacán and that between them
there was a Templar who is also
civil servant
they now the director of the conalep of a
leaving today the sister of the former president
calderón spoke about it I have nothing
to declare yes guys I have already spoken
and what I said I said in the
corresponding instances and we're going to
let the authorities walk the
Perredist Iris Vianey remained in the
anonymity was not even seen by the
senate of the republic for 13 n
maricarmen wister